`Development`: Add documentation regarding traefik as reverse proxy (#8736)
ls1intum/Artemis: docs/dev/setup/docker-compose.rst

- Restart a service: ``docker compose restart <name of the service>``
- Remove all local Docker containers: ``docker container rm $(docker ps -a -q)``
- Remove all local Artemis Docker images: ``docker rmi $(docker images --filter=reference="ghcr.io/ls1intum/artemis:*" -q)``

Using Traefik as a reverse proxy
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

If you want to use Traefik as a reverse proxy for your Artemis instance, you can configure your setup using a single traefik.toml file and a docker-compose.yml file.
The traefik.toml file should be located in the same directory as the docker-compose.yml file.

> You should also ensure that a acme.json file exists within your directory (permissions 600 for root).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should also ensure that an acme.json file exists within your directory (permissions 600 for root).
```

The acme.json file is used to store the certificates generated by Traefik.

> The traefik.toml file should look like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The traefik.toml file should be configured as follows:
```

> If you want to use Traefik as a reverse proxy for your Artemis instance, you can configure your setup using a single traefik.toml file and a docker-compose.yml file.
> The traefik.toml file should be located in the same directory as the docker-compose.yml file.
> You should also ensure that an acme.json file exists within your directory (permissions 600 for root).
> The acme.json file is used to store the certificates generated by Traefik.
> 
> 
> The traefik.toml file should be configured as follows:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you want to use `Traefik <https://doc.traefik.io/traefik/>`_ as a reverse proxy for your Artemis instance, you can configure your setup using a single ``traefik.toml`` file and a ``docker-compose.yml`` file.
The ``traefik.toml file`` should be located in the same directory as the ``docker-compose.yml`` file.
You should also ensure that an ``acme.json`` file exists within your directory (permissions 600 for root).
The ``acme.json`` file is used to store the certificates generated by Traefik.

The ``traefik.toml`` file should be configured as follows:
```

.. code:: toml

    [global]
      checkNewVersion = true
      sendAnonymousUsage = false

    [log]
      level = "INFO"

    [api]
      dashboard = true
      insecure = false

    [entryPoints]
      [entryPoints.web]
        address = ":80"

      [entryPoints.websecure]
        address = ":443"

    [certificatesResolvers.customresolver.acme]
      email = "your-mail-address-here"
      storage = "/etc/traefik/acme/acme.json"
      [certificatesResolvers.customresolver.acme.httpChallenge]
        # used during the challenge
        entryPoint = "web"
        [entryPoints.web.http.redirections.entrypoint]
          to = "websecure"
          scheme = "https"

    [acme]
    onHostRule = true

    [providers.docker]
      endpoint = "unix:///var/run/docker.sock"
      exposedByDefault = false
      network = "artemis-net" # name of the network in the docker-compose.yml file

    [accessLog]
    [accesslog.fields.names]
      StartUTC = "drop"

> The docker-compose.yml file could look like this for an Artemis, Jenkins and MySQL setup with Traefik as a reverse proxy:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The ``docker-compose.yml`` file could look like this for an Artemis, Jenkins and MySQL setup with Traefik as a reverse proxy:
```

.. code:: yaml

    services:
      traefik:
        image: traefik
        container_name: "traefik"
        restart: always
        ports:
          - "80:80"
          - "443:443"
        volumes:
          - "./traefik.toml:/etc/traefik/traefik.toml:ro"
          - "./acme.json:/etc/traefik/acme/acme.json"
          - "/var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock:ro"
        networks:
          - artemis-net
        environment:
          - TZ=Europe/Berlin
        labels:
          - "traefik.enable=true"
          - "traefik.http.routers.api.rule=Host(`${ARTEMIS_HOST_NAME}`) && (PathPrefix(`/api/`) || PathPrefix(`/dashboard/`)) || Path(`/dashboard`) || Path(`/api`)"
          - "traefik.http.middlewares.api-redirect.redirectregex.regex=^https?://([^/]+)(/[^/]+)$"

>           - "traefik.http.middlewares.api-redirect.redirectregex.replacement=https://$$1$$2/"

Reviewer 2: For this part of the config I’m not sure what it is doing, maybe a comment with a short explanation would be good.

Author: I'll explain that part tomorrow
